I want to create a website for our small group.  

Public page.

The initial landing page (index.html) is available to the public.  It displays data from a file named 
Benefits.xml.  It will list the <description> and the kinds of <activities> our class participates in (but not <events>)
that are found in the Benefits.xml file.  It will also have a button to "create an account" and a separate button to 
"log in".

By clicking on the "create an account" button, the user is presented with a form to enter the information that is kept in 
the membership.xml file.  The new account form should allow for (but not require) the entry of information of two
family members with <familyrole> of "Spouse".  If the second entry is not provided, the <familyrole> is "Member".  The 
<familyrole> logic is not part of the user interface.  The <family name=""> is created by using the last name of the 
first entry, a comma and a space, then the first name of the first entry, then " and ", then the first name of the
second entry if there is a second entry.  The address is associated with the <family>, not the <person>.  There can be a 
picture for the family as well as a picture for each individual.

Newly created entries will have a role of "Interested".  When an account is created, a message
is shown to the user indicating our thanks and that someone will be in touch with them.  Phone numbers and emails should 
be verified before this message is displayed. The person that creates an account will not be able to log in until
someone with "Maintainer" role or "Admin" role changes their Role to "Member" after validating that the account is
legitimate.  

When the "log in" button is clicked, a sign in form is presented allowing the user to enter either an email address or
a phone number along with a password.  This data is compared to entries from the membership.xml file and if a match is
found, the member.html page is opened.  Only entries with a role of "Admin", "Maintainer", or "Member" will be allowed
to log in.  Failed logins will receive the message "We currently do not have you enrolled as a class member", and the 
user will continue to see the public page.


Upon successful login, the user is presented with the member.html page.

ALL MEMBERS
The body of this page is a list of all current <events>, their <needs>, and their <provider> in the Benefits.xml file.
Each need can be edited to change the name or the provider.  A toggle button named "I will provide" can be clicked to make
the person signed in the provider of that need for that event, or to remove them from being the provider.  
New needs may be added with the user providing the name and becoming the provider of that need.

following the current events, a button is shown that allows the person to edit their own data (both family and member).
They cannot change their role except by way of a button to change their role to "Withdrawn".  Warn that changing their
role cannot be reversed.

Following that, there is a form to enter the search criteria for a member(s).  A button should also be used to trigger
the search.  Allow multiple members to be returned that contain the search criteria anywhere in any of the fields. show 
the fields in a list showing first and last name and a button to select that member. When the member is selected, show 
all the data for the member selected.

A button then follows that will show a complete listing of the membership.xml file in alphabetical order based on
the family names.

MAINTAINER AND ADMIN
If the person logged in has the role of "Maintainer" or "Admin", they should be able to edit (CRU, but not D) the information 
for any person in membership.xml except those with a role of ADMIN. 
The only roles that they can asign are "Member", or "Withdrawn"
They also should be able to maintain the Benefits.xml using a form.

ADMINS ONLY
If the person logged in has the role of "Admin", they should be able to edit (CRUD) the security.xml file under control of a 
form, and assign roles to members, including the roles of "Maintainer", or "Admin".  There must always be at least One
person with the ADMIN role.

Anyone who signs in uses either their email or their phone number (unformatted) as their username and supplies a password which we will 
encrypt.  


Only the admin role can assign roles of admin or maintainer.

Members may change only their own data in the membership.xml file, including uploading pictures.  They cannot change 
their role.


can you buld that site for me in this folder?